bpo-21302: Add clock_nanosleep() implementation for time.sleep() (#28111)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-09-10-00-24-08.bpo-21302.XS_frc.rst

> In Unix operating systems time.sleep() has a resolution of nanoseconds with using clock_nanosleep() function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Unix operating systems, :func:`time.sleep` now uses the ``clock_nanosleep()`` function,
if available, which allows to sleep for an interval specified with nanosecond precision.
```
